Hello and welcome back to that was of course in our programming.
Congratulations on completing yet another section of this course.
And today we're going to have another recap lecture just so we summarize what we covered off in this
section.
Let's go straight into it.
In this section we learned number one how to handle dates times in our So this section was devoted to
lists mostly.
But at the same time in order to work for Dora said we had to work with a bit of daytime's and there
was another type of daughter preparation so we're still learning more and more about our progression
as we go on through the course.
And so here we learn how to handle daytime's how to convert them into a format that is friendly for
our and friendly for us and that we can work seamlessly in our analysis.
Next we learned about the pause ex-city time we learned what it is and why it has been created what
it's used for how this time is stored.
And so we went into all that nitty gritty about POSIX time and hopefully that gives us now that confidence
to work with this new type of Datto or this new type of format for Time Next we learned what a list
is.
Finally we got to the concept of lists we talked about lists and theory and we applied the concept in
practice.
Specifically we learned how to work with lists we all learned how to create them.
We learned how to add components to lists how to remove components from lists how to rename components
and lists and pretty much everything we need to know about accessing components of lists and working
with lists.
After that we talked about the differences between the three ways you can access in this single square
brackets that double square brackets and the dollar sign.
And now we should know that the single square brackets are used for subsetting lists and the double
square brackets are identical to the dollar sign if the list has named components and they give you
access to that specific one individual component in its unique format rather than as a subset of the
list.
Then we talked about subsetting lists so that's the single square brackets and then we learned how to
create a time series plot and there wasn't much to creating time series plots and as long as your data
is stored in a convenient format specifically the day times as long as they're stored nicely and Arcand
deal of them then is pretty much like creating a line chart and our takes care of the rest.
But here we had a really good hands on example of creating a time sweet spot which looked pretty good
.
So there we go.
Those are our top picks for this section hopefully that you're now comes off lists because you will
definitely need this knowledge going into the next section.
And there we will be applying lists all over again and you'll actually see a second way of applying
this so in here in this section we focused on using lists as a structure for storing data in the next
section you will see how lists together with certain types of functions create a very powerful tool
and that befouled lists.
That's functionality in our wouldn't have been possible so you'll see a bit of a different application
of lists but yet it will be even more powerful than what we saw even in this section.
And I look forward to seeing an external Until then happy coding.